# Synglona Nortstyrmwyn's Backstory

Life in the village was quiet and calm. It was such a quiet out the way little village that it had no name, but it once sat on the edge of the Crown of the World along the coast of Whitefang Bay. Survival in the village was centred around fishing and seal hunting, and Synglona's parents were two of the village's finer hunters and protectors. The major features of the village were the the pier where six fine fishing ships were moored, the public hall where drinks and food could be had, and the two towering glaciers that the village sat between. Only the eroding wash of the waves prevented the oncoming compacted walls of ice from crushing the village between them. The only connection to the outside world was the young human merchant Steph who visited twice a year, bringing spices, salt, preserved vegetables, steel tools, and various minor convieniences unavailable to the villagers in their home far removed from the conveniences of modern Golarian life. In exchange, the villagers sold preserved fish and monster trophies to Steph.

Synglona had only seen six winters when the village council decided to disband the village. Fishing was growing harder as the villagers believed that the stock of fish in the area had diminished too far. Living there simply became infeasible at that point, so all the villagers were forced to make their way to one distant and unfamiliar locale of their choice or another. Synglona's parents, Nortstyrm Syggmynasyn and Singing Rose, chose to make the weeks-long journey south to the Land of the Linnorm Kings. A handful of villagers joined them but many others decided to travel the shorter distance to other nearby villages several days' trip away. Synglona nor her parents ever heard from these villagers again. Together, those bound for warmer climes made their journey in one of the fishing boats. They brought just enough rations and water to make their way to Seer's Home, the northern-most port in Avistan along the coastline of the Arcadian ocean. Fish is plentiful on a fishing vessel but fresh water is harder to come by, so the barrels of glacier water that they brought with them were running dry when they arrived in port. They quickly restocked on water supplies, trading fish that they had caught along their journey for a meager amount of gold.

When the party of displaced villagers arrived in Kalsgard, they broke up. Two of them decided to stay in the city and try to make a living there and one chose to head to a nearby fishing village. Synglona's mother and father, warriors by trade, decided to take work as mercenaries aboard a departing merchant vessel, joined by another Roegadyn couple named Haelmyna Solklihtwyn and Swarbryda Bhaldthotawyn. Synglona, of course, joined them on this journey, which took them to the port city of Korvosa. This journey went well, and the four Roegadyn adventurers quickly made a niche for themselves as hired guards for merchant vessels. Over the course of the next thirteen years, the four adventurers and young Synglona travelled up and down the coast of Avistan and Garund, even journeying as far as Tian Xia and Casmaron on occaison. Eventually, Synglona also came into her own as a warrior and learned the way of the axe from her mother and father. From the merchants and artisans she met on her journeys, she also picked up some talent for crafting items.

One day, Synglona was hired on her own as protection for a minor noble on a brief trip from Oppara to the nearby city of Pastorling. On her return, she received a note from her parents telling her that the rest of the Roegadyn adventuring party had departed on a brief but lucrative opportunity delivering a merchant ship from Oppara to Absalom. Synglona waited a number of weeks in Oppara for her parents and the rest of the party to come back from their job, but no one came. When the weeks turned into months, Synglona sought and found passage to the Isle of Kortos. After some searching, she was able to track down a number of people who had met her parents, some of whom she knew from previous trips to the city known as the centre of the world. None of those who had met with her parents, however were able to tell her where they had gone. She was able to find records of their passage on another ship, but no destination was listed on its manifest. Eventually, Synglona decided to leave a note for her parents with one of the people she had met before in Absalom, before taking more work on a merchant ship passing North. Over the following years, she would leave notes to her family in every port she passed through, but no hint of them ever reached Synglona's eyes or ears.

For the last couple of years, Synglona has partnered up with a mercenary company, the "Harrowed Crows", that crews and operates a mercenary vessel, the "Sodden Crow", that follows in the wake of and protects merchant ships. The crew of twenty-three welcomed her with open arms, and Synglona's cheerful attitude and infectious positivity drew them in. There, in addition to working on watch and participating in battle, she has been acting as a galley chef and technician. The Harrowed Crows are bankrolled by, and due to her very lax leadership style only occasionally inconvenienced by, Raven Nicoletta, a Varisian woman with deep enough pockets to pay the overhead of the company between jobs. In the couple years Synglona has been on board, Raven hasn't ever been out at sea with the crew, instead meeting at various ports. Her tasks were mostly small requests to guard certain shipments headed to the land of the linnorm kings, or on one occasion, retrieve "specialty goods" from a small, but apparently untouched, Azlanti ruin out in the middle of the ocean.

Synglona, now at the age of 25, has just arrived in the port known as Korvosa, one of the larger cities in Varisia. She now looks forward to a promising new friendship with Duke Thadrum. Sadly, this comes at the cost of having to let go of her position with the Harrowed Crows, but she parts ways with her longtime friends with her iconic cheer and good will, expecting that she'll see them again somewhere on the open seas.
