# Poppy Brent's Backstory

Poppy is the name of a brilliant red flower that once grew on a number of worlds. It's also the name of one peculiar android. Poppy Brent was created 50 years ago and adopted by a middle-aged human man named Harker Brent who, instead of treating Poppy like an autonomous robot, treated her as his own daughter.

## Awakening and Apprenticeship

When Poppy first gained consciousness, she was laying in a shoddy bed in a drab apartment at the civilized edge of the Spike on Absalom Station and Harker was sleeping restlessly in a chair next to her. Shifting in the bed, Poppy accidentally disturbed Harker's slumber. Harker woke with a start and, with an expression half surprised and more than half relieved, embraced the android in a warm hug. What ensued was a delicate conversation where Harker carefully skirted the topic of Poppy's origins and reinforced the fact that he was here for her now, no matter what.

Harker led a busy life. He worked as a private detective, landlord, handyman, and a part-time local hero whenever he could afford to be. Adding onto this list of responsibilities, Harker took it upon himself to care for, educate, and provide guidance to Poppy as she grew accustomed to life on the station from inside that cramped one-bedroom apartment with an attached office (Harker usually slept on the couch, unless he came home *particularly* sore after work). Harker was knowledgeable about every scholarly pursuit from literature to the latest discoveries of science, medicine, and magic. What's more, he was particularly apt at teaching, effortlessly guiding Poppy to find interest and skill in every academic topic he could think of.

Of course, academics wasn't the only topic Poppy was interested in. She'd often demand to join her father on his work as an investigator. He would have none of it. He would only tell her "I don't want you to get involved in *my* problems. The skeletons in my closet and the scum that I fight against are for me to deal with. You were born pure and innocent into this world, and I have no intention of letting that change any time soon."

Instead, Harker used diversionary tactics. He had Poppy learn how to cook and bake from old Mrs. Tompkins in the next apartment over, making friends with her two teenage daughters, Samah and Iniga, in the meantime. Harker introduced Poppy to his secretary's disabled husband, Mr. Lingdon, who'd teach her about hardware and software from his computer repair shop. Harker had his mentor, an elderly but spry Miss Iskeer, teach her the basics of self-defense, self-discipline, and practical self-sufficiency. And, of course, he took her out to the markets to expose her to the vast variety of people and cultures on Absalom Station.

Poppy was fascinated by the vibrancy of life at the markets. She saw hawkers shouting above the crowds while pickpockets trawled the underbelly of those same crowds. She saw warriors and heroes celebrating great victories, she saw CEOs and nobles toast financial success, and she saw average office workers looking forward to another quiet evening at home. She saw foods and dyes, technology and magic, books and holovids. She saw arguments, protests, discussions, rumormongering, and whispers. She witnessed happiness, fear, sadness, and anger. Essentially, she saw every walk of life aboard Absalom Station from in that market.

## Questions and Queries

This period of gradual progress, learning everything that Harker and those he trusted could teach her, lasted twelve years. As an eager and intelligent student, Poppy avidly absorbed every piece of information that she could. Over the course of those years, Poppy slowly grew more and more aware that some great trouble ate away at her father. He would slink off into the night while she rested and return home battered, bruised, and bleeding. At times, he would start at the smallest of things. At others, he would be too exhausted to react when Poppy called out to him as loud as she could.

Whenever Poppy brought up these worries, Harker would calmly reassure her but skillfully dance around any questions she had about his problems. He would assure her that he had everything under control and that she was in no danger. He would tell her when he was involved in some incident on the news, but never what he was doing there to begin with. However, Poppy was a clever girl. She knew that, if she couldn't wrestle an answer out of her father, she could follow the clues and figure it out for herself. She started by questioning Harker's confidants.

Miss Iskeer responded to the questions only by *heavily* increasing the intensity of Poppy's combat training. Mrs. Lingdon stared at Poppy with an inscrutable but intense expression and flatly told Poppy to drop the subject. Mrs. Tompkins, on the other hand, was surprisingly receptive to Poppy's questions, although her understanding of the situation was limited. She quietly explained one night that Harker was engaged in some kind of conflict with a large criminal organization known as the Amos Family and that Poppy was somehow at the heart of their conflict. Also at the heart of the conflict was Harker's departed fiancé, Zatara, who Mrs. Tompkins learned had passed away a few months before meeting Poppy. She was also able to explain that, although she didn't fully understand the situation, Harker had hinted that things were getting worse, but that he had finally identified the Amos Family's main hideout and was planning one final assault.

Poppy, of course, wouldn't let him go into the den of the beast alone. She kept close tabs on her father's movements over the following days. When Harker went out without her, she'd trace his route as far as she could through the public surveillance systems she had infiltrated. When he'd type up his case notes at his desk, she would listen attentively for any thoughts whispered aloud. When they sat down for dinner, she would surreptitiously press him for any hint of a clue. None of these routes of investigation led anywhere. Her father was as careful as ever.

## Fears and Fallbacks

Ultimately, it was Harker himself that would unravel the issue before Poppy. One Starday, in the middle of dinner, Harker passed Poppy a hefty manilla envelope. "Don't open that. Not right now. I'm going somewhere tonight and no, you can't follow. Everything's accounted for and my plan is already in motion. I should tell you that I know that you've been asking about me. I know that... you've been worried for me. I'm sorry for making you worry. As your father, it's *my* job to worry over *you*, not the other way around. I appreciate your concern, I do, but I can assure you now that everything is going to be alright by tomorrow morning. However... you know me. I need to have backup plans in case things go awry. If, in 7 days, you don't hear from me, open the envelope. You'd be well looked after."

Poppy was already in tears. She understood exactly what was happening. She knew exactly what he was saying. "Poppy. You don't need to worry. I have every contingency accounted for. You have no idea how long I've been working towards this. You have no idea how important what I'm doing tonight is.... Damn it!"

Harker, ever the stoic, was tearing up and beads of water were streaming down his cheeks in response to his daughter's worries and fears. He wiped his face, fought back the tears, and pushed through what he had to say, "This envelope is *only* for the least likely case that I can't make it back. You *really* don't have to worry about me. I'll be back here in the morning, I promise. Let's... let's just eat."

Poppy, in a rush of emotions, stood up from the table, took her plate of food, ran into her room, slammed the door closed behind her, and locked the door, tears streaming down her face as she did so. She ate silently, crying through the whole meal, but with a look of determination on her face. She then began her preparations. Armor, concealable laser pistol, extra batteries, knife, comm unit, hacking tools. Everything she needed, she had been slowly gathering for the past few weeks. She unlocked the door and pulled on the handle. It wouldn't budge. She tried the window. *It* wouldn't budge. She was locked in.

## Pain and Push

She was losing time. She was falling behind her father. Poppy slammed the butt of the knife into the window. It shattered. She knocked the broken glass out of the way and climbed out onto the emergency escape stairway. Grey android blood slowly streamed down her leg from a small gash close to her left knee. It didn't matter. She rushed down the stairs, but spotted a problem as soon as she got to the bottommost landing. Old Miss Iskeer was gazing up at Poppy from the ground. She held a baton in her hands and was standing ready to use it. "Dear, you turn around right now. I know you *think* you know what's best, but you're only 12 years old. Leave all this to the adults. This is your father's problem to face, not yours."

Poppy took a running jump, hoping to land past Miss Iskeer so that she wouldn't have to fight the old lady. You may think that was for said old lady's benefit but, in reality, Poppy had never bested the wry old lady in a practice match, except by outrunning her bum leg. Poppy landed harder than she expected on her scratched leg and came down on her knees. Quick as a whip, Miss Iskeer's baton cracked against the android's skull. Poppy was seeing stars already. She picked up faster than she thought she could and she ran. Miss Iskeer swiped again but only hit air and swore, "Fuck!" as Poppy ducked under the blow and quickly ran out of Miss Iskeer's reach. As Poppy rounded the corner, Miss Iskeer hobbling behind, she muttered under her breath "Harker, you can't leave a job like this to an old lady like me!... Oh dear. She's really gotten away now. I suppose I can only hope that I've been a better teacher than a prison guard."

Far behind Poppy, and out of her sight, the old lady went to her knees, out of breath. A pained expression suddenly crossed her face and she clutched her chest. "Damn it!" she cried, "I need to see the end of this!"

She tossed her baton at the one lit window on this side of the apartment building, cracking the glass and drawing Samah Tompkins' attention inside. The old woman let loose a breath of air and collapsed, seeing no more. Samah already had her comm unit in hand and was dialing to report the incident. She ran downstairs to the crumpled old woman's side.

Ahead, Poppy was running at full sprint. She already knew which way her father had gone based on which directions he had taken the last few days, but she needed to catch up to him before the point where she always lost him. She ran and ran, trying to access the city's cameras while she sped along. He was almost at the dead zone. No! He was running faster than she could keep up! He must have used a potion! He was already at the edge of the last camera's range... and then... he was gone.

## Search and Sound

Poppy kept running. If she was quick, she could try to find her father's tracks and follow them. She arrived at the last camera. After searching for a while, she determined she was out of luck. He had covered his tracks for at least a block. She found a pair of shoes and some discarded clothes. He was in disguise, an old school disguise, just like him. She couldn't track him from the public cameras if she didn't know what he looked like. Her only hope was that there was a witness. It wasn't that late, but the streets were empty. She was solidly in the Spike now and most buildings stood abandoned. In desperation, she came up with an appropriately desperate idea. "Anyone who saw where the old man who changed clothes went," she screamed at the top of lungs, "Has 50 credits waiting for them here if they spill it!"

It was a stupid idea. No one would have spotted him. Her father was far too careful for that. A man suddenly stepped out of the shadows beside Poppy. Surprised, she let out a gasp, but quickly realized her stroke of luck. She was surprised by him! If she hadn't seen this man covered in trash and hiding in the dark, then there's every chance he hadn't either. "Which way?!" Poppy demanded.

"That way," the man grumbled through a voice that sounded like it had barely spoken in a month, "Guy was faking a limp and wearing a dark red shirt, blue jeans, brown jacket. He went that way. Always does. Never sees me. Where's my creds?"

Poppy handed him her cred chip with fourty-seven credits on it, nodded her thanks, and started sprinting after her father. She had lost several minutes searching the alley and dealing with the homeless man. She was behind, too far behind. She pulled up every camera she could find down the way her father had went, searching for the man who matched the homeless man's description. She immediately found him. Quietly and slinking in the shadows, she slowly followed in her father's footsteps, checking every camera she passed to make sure she was didn't miss him turn.

She was making progress, but it was slow. She was moving much slower than her father. She was at least 20 minutes behind him at this point. Then she heard an explosion and then another. It didn't sound far off. Dread filled her to the very brim. She started ignoring the cameras. Whatever was happening, it was where the explosions were. She followed her ears, darting from darkness to darkness. From her place hidden in the shadows, she saw a cargo transport peel away, moving at an incredible speed. She kept the pace and kept to the dark.

She turned the corner and saw a factory ablaze in fire and light. Two massive gas tanks, engulfed in flames, had blown apart. The fire was intense. It must have been burning for 15 minutes. She didn't see him. Her eyes passed over crumbling cinderblocks and broken windows, over the paved driveway, over the sheds and nearby warehouses all burning to the ground. He wasn't there. Wait. As the door to the central building in the compound folded open, she saw the silhouettes of two men.

## Fire and Failure

One of the two silhouettes was thin and quick. The other was bulky and fierce. She rushed forward. The two clashed. Sparks flew! Magical and alchemical sparks both! She sprinted ahead faster than she ever had before. They were so far away! "FATHERRR!!!" she shouted, her lungs already hoarse from crying.

The thin shadow in the flames turned briefly to look at her. The bulky frame stretched out a hand and loosed a blast of magic. The thin frame ducked to the side, but not quick enough. The small frame was carried back by the concussive blast. "NOOOO!!!" she shouted louder.

Then the thin frame was up and fighting again. Harker was fighting again. Relief washed over her. She ran again, ignoring the shadows, chasing only her father. As she approached, she could begin to see the frames of their faces. All was awash in red. From the flames or from blood, she could not tell. She sprinted harder and harder. They were so far away. A thousand feet away or further. The fire blazed. The heat, even at this distance was almost more than she could handle. Blows were traded. Harker struck the shadow then the mysterious shadow struck him. The fight was too even. It could go either way.

She ran for what felt like forever. The fight went on. She heard the sharp crack of a firearm and her leg suddenly roared with pain. She crashed painfully into the ground. Her attention separated from the fight ahead of her to search for where the gunshot had come from. A rifleman, no a rifle*wo*man stepped out of the doorway of a warehouse just to her right. A cruel laugh echoed over the roar of the flames. "If you don't want your girl to die, drop your weapons and surrender" called out the woman.

She had a crazed look on her face. She practically screamed the words, seemingly more banshee than human. Her rifle was the only thing that stayed steady, keeping it expertly trained on Poppy as she laughed maniacally. The fight in the building ahead came to a halt. Poppy aghast at her mistake in coming here, cried out "NO!!! DON'T LISTEN TO HER, FATHER!!!"

Too late. Harker limply dropped his gun to the ground. "NOOOOO!!!" cried Poppy again.

Harker lifted his hands up. They moved behind his head. A head that... *should* be hanging low in defeat. Through the firelight Poppy could still see the defiant tilt in Harker's chin. He wasn't defeated yet! Boom! The building to Poppy's right exploded. The corrugated sheet metal walls bowed outward and then burst like a balloon. The fireball engulfed the woman and flew out fourty feet from the doorway. She screamed in pain. A death wail, probably. Meanwhile, the remnants of the warehouse became shrapnel and flew out in every direction. The stocky man who was fighting Poppy's father just moments ago let loose another spell, only to have one large chunk of the warehouse fly through where his heart should be. His body crumpled to the floor... as did Harker. A chunk of concrete flew into Poppy's head, and she knew no more.

## Recovery and Review
